## 2.1 - Product perspective
##### Effort: 1h + 1h per class_diagram on lucid chart

### 2.1.1 - Scenarios

##### 1. User wants to start using the platform
Bob has bought a new electric car and wants to start using the eMall network to charge it.
Bob goes to the app store to download the official application, opens it and taps on the "Signup" button to initiate the user registration flow. He enters all the necessary information
and, after submitting the form, he's granted access to the system.

##### 2. User wants to check for charging station availabilities
Bob wants to charge his car, he opens the eMall app and, using the integrated map view
starts looking for a nearby charging station. After tapping on one of the available stations,
the application displays the status of the station, the available charging docks and their connectors
as well as the price rates applied.

##### 3. User wants to book a charge for a certain time frame 
Bob opens the app, searches for an available station and, after opening the station details, he taps on the "book" button to start the booking process.
The application asks for a time frame and a connector type, and after checking for availability, it books the connector and returns the booking reference to Bob.

##### 4. User wants to start a charge at the station
Bob goes to a station and wants to start charging his vehicle, with a booking for that time frame, 
he simply needs to park the car in the correct spot, connect it with the correct plug and enable the charge
flow via the app. Without a booking, he needs to look for an available spot via the app and start a booking
process for it.

##### 5. User wants to be notified at the end of the charge
Bob started the charging process a couple of hours ago for a 2 hours time frame. The system checks the booking 
time-frame and sends a notification to Bob's smartphone with the details of the charging process (e.g. cost and battery status)

##### 6. User wants to pay for the service
Bob goes to retrieve his car from the station, he uses the app to complete the charging process and the system automatically
bills his credit card / Paypal account with the required amount.


### 2.1.2 - Class diagram

#### Class: User
